"I need patience to endure what I cannot change, courage to change what I can, and wisdom to distinguish between the two.",
"Since our brains are objectively limited, both computationally and volumetrically, accepting uncertainty as a certainty is essential. I know that I know nothing.",
"Nothing is objectively obvious. There are things understood, things not understood, and things forgotten.",
"If you know how to do something, it is simple; if you don't know how to do it, it is difficult.",
"Nothing is crazy if you think about it long enough without feedback, but creativity does not imply truth.",
"It is statistically certain that useful information objectively exists in places where you least expect it.",
"Data compression is the ability to see analogies, it's intelligence, it's greater understanding, it's less memory use.",
"If you can't explain something simply, it means you don't understand it well enough.",
"Better than the uneducated is the reader. Better than the reader is the one who remembers. Better than the one who remembers is the one who understands. Better than the one who understands is the one who can act.",
"One should not optimize things that should not exist.",
"People inherently prioritize negative emotions, regardless of their level of well-being, thus wisdom can be much more pleasurable than gold.",
"You are literally what you think about for long enough, both consciously and subconsciously.",
"The brain doesn't care what you plant in it. If you think negatively, you achieve negative outcomes; if you think positively, you achieve positive outcomes. So, control the planting.",
"Lack of goal setting results in failure to achieve goals. A ship not knowing where it is going will crash into a shoal or drift aimlessly.",
"The drive to learn new things, positive thoughts, memory, and even imagination, are simply muscles that develop through regular use over time.",
"You may not know or know what you don't know.",
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.",
"Your focus determines your reality, because awareness is the ability to understand things as your fluctuating ability to concentrate allows.",
"Your ability to concentrate is limited, so limit stimuli that trigger inefficient associations.",
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see. Both traits can be trained to some extent.",
"People crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.",
"If you understand yourself and know what you value, happiness follows automatically. Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved through understanding.",
"What does not kill us usually makes us stronger, but it can always, provided that we perceive it that way.",
"If you focus inward, there is a chance you will find the control and peace you have been desperately seeking all your life.",
"Emotions, yet peace. Ignorance, yet knowledge. Passion, yet fulfillment. Chaos, yet harmony. Death, yet force. Where force is the potential of human imagination.",
"The only thing distinguishing good from evil is morality, which is linked to hope, where the challenge for hope is to fight corruption.",
"Overthinking about the future or the past leads to suffering because you have no influence over them; thinking about maneuvers in the present leads to fulfillment.",
"Sometimes by seemingly doing nothing, you do the most, because your subconscious has more freedom to process data, but the key is to find balance.",
"One can understand something consciously, subconsciously, or bilaterally.",
"Do not relinquish control over your mind and body to external phenomena. Internal problems can only be permanently resolved internally."